After months of tries, the young men have finally reserved a boat. Time of small passage had come. They arrived with just an hour left of the day before sunset. The thick fog on the island was decorated with streams of orange and purple. The sandy path softly crunched under the six pairs of feet wearily treading through the quiet forest.

After about ten minutes of walking, the town finally came into view. It was an old colonial village that was occupied by bland people in boring clothes slowly walking from place to place, carrying out chores or doing their jobs. It was a stark contrast to the new clothes with flashy designs the young men wore. "Ah, small group of children. Don, what do we do?" one of youth asked. While that... "These dam children..." whispered one. The red ball exploded.

Choice 1)
1.1) Wait for someone
They were looking at the souls. "I don't think that's a good idea. We should keep going"

Choice 2)
2.1) Insist on waiting guide

2.2.) Go deeper

1.2.) Keep going
They were looking at the souls. Deep within something stopped. Group made their way to the building the online brochure had shown. Rickety walls and the light clattering of shutters against the loud wind made the men’s hearts sink. The building was a simple two-story condominium with balconies and a weather-beaten roof with warped shingles.

The one who had organized the trip took the first step forward and pushed on the heavy wooden door. It creaked open loudly, and pierced the silence of the entire town. Two of the men in the back turned around and looked at the thirty people who had completely stopped what they were doing to stare at them.

“Alright, alright, let's check in now, yeah?” one of the men said, ushering the rest inside. He was a tall man with a gentle voice and demeanor with pale-blonde hair.

As they walked in, they were greeted by a large, empty bar, faintly lit by pale blue moonlight. Behind the counter was a stout, shadowy figure. The form slowly walked to one end of the counter and up to the men. As it came into view, they could see that he was an old man. He had a long gray beard, thick eyebrows, and a bald head.

“You lot the reservation for six?” he asked. He had a welcoming southern accent.

“Yeah, the name’s under Don,” the man in the front said.

“Right, let me treat you to your rooms.”

The creaky stairs shed dust under the many people, and at the top of the stairs was a long hallway that extended to either ends of the condominiums. The old men beckoned the group to follow him and led them to a far end of the hallway. He reached for a metal ring at his hip and steadily unlocked the door. He pushed it open with effort, and the men walked in.

The room was small, quaint, and humble. Two beds to each wall totaling to four, each with an unlit candle resting on a nightstand next to them lined the sides of the room. At the far end of the room was a glass door with iron frames which led to the small balcony.

“Now, let me set some ground rules,” the old man said.

“First of all, from eleven o’clock to six o’clock, do not leave this room. Second, if you do go on your balcony past eleven o’clock, do not interact with the people outside. Lastly, do not open your door or leave your room under any circumstances.”

“Wait, what the hell does any of that mean?” one of the men said. He had a dyed purple mohawk and was wearing a black sweater.

“Steven, it's just house rules. Be respectful,” the tall man from before said.

“Whatever you say, man.”

The old man quickly shuffled out of the room and locked the door behind him. The men all stared at each other and shrugged it off. They ruled it to the old man and the town’s superstition of outside people.

“Alright, I call beds with Steven,” one of the men named Joe concluded, diving face-first into one of the beds.

“Then I’ve got Harry,” Don said, pointing to the tall blonde.

“Percy and Vincent, you two can share a bed or sleep separately,” Don said, gesturing to the two empty beds.

The door swung open. Steven jumped out from under his covers and swung a punch at the doorway, missing the top of the old man’s head by a foot and a half.

“One last thing, boys. I need to tell you an old legend. ‘Customary we tell our tourists.”

Steven backed up and sat back in his bed.

“There once was a man who was outcast during the colonial times of this town. His name has been lost, and who he was or what he did is forgotten. He turned up dead a week later, his eyes missing, leaving pitch black voids, and his hands and feet missing. The old folks of the town claimed that it was some ghost girl that killed him. They started a rumor that she wanders around at night to claim those who would dare mingle about during her hours.”

“That’s not grim at all,” Joe intoned.

The old man turned around and shut the door behind him, tugging hard as it caught against the doorframe, and it slammed shut loudly.

“Don, you are such an ass for bringing us on this ‘genuine horror trip’,” Steven said bluntly, looking Don in the eyes.

“Yeah, yeah, whatever,” he said.

He checked his watch and read 11:04 PM. They hadn’t even noticed before that the once-roaring wind had come to a complete stop.

“I think we should get some sleep,” he said.

Only two minutes had passed, and all of the men were under their sheets.

Teeth-chilling scratching raked against the window. All of the men looked at each other and then out the window, only to see nothing. Percy got out of his bed and slowly walked towards the door in a defensive position.

“Percy, what the hell are you doing?!” Harry quietly grunted.

He grabbed the iron handle and pushed the door open. The cold air quickly bit into him, and he looked out into the distance. The town was actually rather large, and only covered in a short, but incredibly thick mire of fog. The moon shone down on the roofs, and he looked around. As his eyes scanned the surroundings, he felt a primal tingle in the nape of his neck. He affixed his eyes to one spot, and his heart and bones froze.

Standing atop one of the buildings was a young girl. Long hair dripped down her entire body, and she stood perfectly upright and still. Even though she was far away, he could see clear as day the red glisten in her eyes, and her extended arm, pointing directly at him.

He slammed the door shut and fell on his butt into the room.

“Girl!”

“Ha-ha, very feakin’ funny, Percy,” Vincent said, helping him to his feet.

Loud scratching tore at the outside of the door.

Harry stood up and felt his body chill. The handle was jiggling around violently. He slowly walked over to the door.

“Harry, no!” Don said.

He leaned down and peeked through the keyhole and saw nothing but black.

“I don’t see anything, it’s just pitch black.”

He stood up and walked over to the rest of the young men.

“This is a bunch of hot crap. Let’s just stay in the room and we’re good.”

Minutes passed, and everyone was back under their covers. They had used the sheets of the empty bed to put over the windows and glass door of the far wall.

As Joe was about to go to sleep, something hit him.

“Wait, Harry.”

“Yeah?”

“You said you saw pitch-black?”

Yeah, why?”

Realization hit them.

“Oh no,”

“Oh no, you screwed up.”

“So lonely…”

The door burst open with a wailing chorus of modulated human sobbing. The wood splintered and both halves buckled as the black spikes at the end of all four of the disproportionate limbs tore their way through the door. The pot-bellied monster’s skin was black with old blood, and its invisible eyes leaked black tears.

Harry’s upper half flew across the room and crashed through the sheets and glass door. Joe’s skull was impaled, and his limbs thrashed as the spike pierced through the bed and floor. Steven and Don screamed in terror and scrambled for the shattered glass door while Percy and Vincent tried to run past the monster and through the broken door behind it.

It whirled around and split Vincent in half, nicking Percy in the calf as he ran away.

Don and Steven crashed to the ground with a loud crack. Don looked down, and the lower half of his shin and beyond was snapped to the side. Steven hauled him on his shoulders without thinking and ran as fast as he could.

Percy stumbled out of the front door of the building, another slash across his back, and he sprinted after the pair. Don pointed his finger forward and screamed,

“This way to the boat!”

Only a minute later did they reach the beach where they parked the boat. They stopped, and saw the vessel completely shredded and dangling in parts from the branches of the giant, dead oaks of the wooded island.

They looked at each other, completely dumbfounded and scared out of their minds.

Percy wiped his hands over his face, and fell to his knees in pain.

Steven and Don only had just over a second to look to the left back at the path as the pattering of spikes feet and horrible sobbing caught up with them, and tore Percy into five slices.

Steven ran. He saw a tall hill and ran for it.

Atop the hill was the mouth of an old tunnel, and he didn’t stop running or think twice about going in. his feet beat against the sharp rocks and rigid floor, and his sneakers quickly wore away and made him leave bloody footprints.

At the end of the tunnel was nothing, not even a cave wall. He stopped at a sheer cliff face into a fifty foot drop into the ocean. The wailing of the monster caught up to them, and it viciously leapt towards Steven. The spike pierced his heart and went through his shoulder blade, directly into Don’s chest. It wailed in sadness as the two men fell to the blue below.


“Honey, you’re zoning out again.”

Don shook his head and looked at his beautiful wife.

“Stacy just started packing her things to leave for college, are you coming with me to help her?”

“Oh… yeah, let’s do that.”

He adjusted his pegleg and pushed himself out of his red leather chair. He winced in pain as he arched his back up. Below the buttoned-up flannel, his wife could see the corner of the scar he doesn’t talk about.

Two hours later, Stacy’s things were packed.

“Remember what we always used to say, ‘Stace?” he asked her.

“Never be far from me, and I’ll never be far from you.”

“That’s right. What else?”

“If I am far from you, I mind my manners and follow house rules.”

“Atta girl.”

He hugged her tightly before letting go, and waved her goodbye as she drove away. He sighed, and his wife stroked his shoulder.

“Come on, let’s go inside. I’ll make dinner.”

All of the knives in the kitchen had safety caps on them. When he bought the house and utensils, he made sure to have bought the nice, expensive damascus blades with a custom wood finish instead of the standard carbon black knives.

As his wife waited for him in bed, he walked over to the window and stared out of it as he gripped the curtains.

On the rooftop of a house across the street was a black figure with flowing appendages. He looked at the hawk as it flew off into the moon, and looked down back into the street. He could have sworn, if only for an instant, he saw a tall black figure with a potbelly and sharp limbs standing at the other side of the street, waiting for him before it vanished into smoke.

He sighed and pulled the curtains closed and went to his bed. He took his anti-hallucination medication and antidepressants and pulled open his top drawer and made sure his pistol was loaded. Below the pistol was a group picture of him and his friends in their college years, all smiling as they hauled a giant sturgeon onto his boat.